So, that means that on all platforms,
the code that I will show you will
actually show you all the options.
Like when the user is going from
running to post, to post, to running or
running active to running inactive,
it doesn't matter, its the same code.
We shall listen for visibility change
on the window object I'm going to
show you that in actually a minute, and
then we check the visibility
state on the document.
If it's hidden, it's because we
are going into the background.
Which of the options for the background?
We don't know.
It's the background tab,
is the background window,
it's the user closing the whole browser.
We actually don't know, okay.
And as I mentioned before, on some devices
that's the moment to save the state, okay.
If you're using something like Redux or
a state manager,
maybe that's a moment to actually
save that safely somewhere.
Locally, that's better.
Because if you want to
send that to the server,
you don't know on mobile if you have
enough time to send that to the server.
So if you're trying to send
that to the server and iOS, and
it's taking more than two seconds,
your request will probably be aborted.
So you will never get that server side.
>> What are the other values for
visibility state?
>> Visible, okay.
And then you can also mix that
with with other properties for
example you can know if it's visible and
focused.
Because mostly on desktop,
but now on iPad and Android,
you can also have two
apps at the same time.
So both are visible, but
only one is the one in focus.
So you can also detect
that if you want to.
But for background execution, yeah,
maybe we don't get too much if
it's the focus one or not, okay?
If it's visible,
the user is actually seeing the app.
So it's probably expecting the web app to
react as if it's the one that is there.
It should be live.